Editing Pod disruption budget (#3646)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/pod-disruption-budget.asciidoc

[id="{p}-{page_id}"]
= Pod disruption budget

> A link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/[Pod Disruption Budget] (PDB) allows you to limit disruptions on an existing set of Pods, while the Kubernetes cluster administrator manages Kubernetes nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/[Pod Disruption Budget] (PDB) allows you to limit the disruption to your application when its pods need to be rescheduled for some reason such as upgrades or routine maintenance work on the Kubernetes nodes.
```

> Elasticsearch makes sure that some indices don't become unavailable.

Reviewer: I don't think this line is necessary.

```suggestion

```
